[WHOOSH]
>> On "Cosmic Disclosure."
>> People are making efforts
to make their own personal
contact.
Do you think this
is a good idea?
>> I do, 100%.
>> This week on Gaia.
>> The more people we
have that say, yes,
I do want to be connected
with certain other species,
the more those species know, OK,
there's someone asking for us.
And they might appear.
>> On "Beyond Belief"
with George Noory.
>> This society has gotten
very good at pushing death away
and tucking it into funeral
homes and into hospitals.
And this is a way to
help people to plan ahead
for it, not just practically,
but also spiritually.
>> On the "Arc of Time."
>> Human beings, are we just
machine of flesh and blood,
a biological miracle?
Or are we journeying
spirits who roam
the worlds of the multiverse?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Only on Gaia.